W-15830640 Update policies-pdk-create-schema-definition.adoc (#585)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-create-schema-definition.adoc

* Required properties that are conditionally rendered must have a default value defined. In the above examples, if `encryptionKey` is required, it requires a default value.
* Only root-level parameters support conditional rendering. Inner properties of arrays or objects do not support conditional rendering.

[[define-enumerated-variables]]
=== Define Enumerated Parameters

Limit user's input values by defining parameters with the `enum` property, for example:

[source,yaml]
----
  properties:
    signingMethod:
      type: string
      enum:
        - rsa
        - hmac
----

> In the API Manager UI, `enum` parameters render as a radio button for three or less enumerated values and as a dropdown field for more. For Flex Gateway running in Local Mode, the user must configure the parameter as one of the enumerated values or the policy configuration fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the API Manager UI, `enum` parameters render as radio buttons for three or fewer enumerated values and as a dropdown field for more. For Flex Gateway running in Local Mode, the user must configure the parameter as one of the enumerated values or the policy configuration fails.
```
